Options for PDF.js's viewer that can be given at the URL level. Multiple values of either type can be combined by separating with an ampersand (&) after the hash (example: #page=2&textLayer=off).

===Options after the ?===
Example: http://www.example.com/pdf.js?file=myfile.pdf

* file: the filename of the PDF file to use (must be on the same server due to JavaScript limitations).  Example: file=myfile.pdf

===Options after the #===
Example: http://www.example.com/pdf.js#page=2

* page: page number. Example: page=2
* zoom: zoom level. Example: zoom=200
* nameddest: go to a named destination
* pagemode: either "thumbs" or "bookmarks".  Example: pagemode=thumbs
* disableWorker: set to true to disable web workers. Example: disableWorker=true
* disableRange: set to true to disable range requests. Example: disableRange=true
* disableAutoFetch: set to true to disable autofetching. Example: disableAutoFetch=true
* locale: use another locale than the default. Example: locale=nl
* textLayer: set to one of the following. Example: textLayer=off
** off: disable textLayer generation
** visible, shadow, hover: apply the CSS class <tt>textlayer-{value}</tt> to all text layers
* pdfBug: enable debugging tools, see [https://github.com/mozilla/pdf.js/wiki/Debugging-pdf.js].
* useOnlyCssZoom: set to true to use only CSS zoom. Example: useOnlyCssZoom=true
* verbosity: specify the verbosity of console messages. 0 = only errors, 1 = warnings and errors, 5 = warnings, errors and information messages. Example: verbosity=5